[12.0][MIG] mass_editing: Add apply domain option in lines (#237)
OCA/server-ux: mass_editing/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> - - Auto add fields that is used in domain related if apply_domain=True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Auto add fields that are used in related domains if apply_domain=True
```
